Fix build issues (#44)
mezzio/mezzio-authentication-oauth2: docs/book/v1/intro.md

first step is to generate new cryptographic keys. We need to execute the script
`./vendor/bin/generate-oauth2-keys` in order to generate these keys.

This script will store the keys in the application's `data` folder, if found:

```bash
$ ./vendor/bin/generate-oauth2-keys

> ```

Reviewer: The backticks are needed, please undo.

Author: They weren't removed, output has been added. Check the commit message to understand the reason.

> This script is provided as a convenient way to generate keys for
> the OAuth2 server provider. You may choose instead to use an
> alternative method. For more information, see the install docs:
> https://oauth2.thephpleague.com/installation/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script is provided as a convenient way to generate keys for the OAuth2 server provider. You may choose instead to use an alternative method. For more information, see the [documentation of OAuth 2.0 Server](https://oauth2.thephpleague.com/installation/).
```

Best available location for keys:
./data
You'll likely want to move them to a better location

We'll put them in a subdirectory:

> ./data/oauth

Reviewer: This section is misleading: "Best available location", "better location", "We'll put them in a subdirectory" ?!
Instead of "best", we can suggest a "typical" location for the keys and reduce the section to one folder, instead of 3 options, like `./data/oauth`.

Author: That's the output of the command...

Reviewer: This must be clear:

1. add the command which must be executed
2. label the output

Both must be separate from each other!

Author: The markdown convention is to use the dollar sign to distinguish them. If we don't see value on that, we must simply drop all dollar signs.

I'm good with either, honestly.

Reviewer: > The markdown convention is to use the dollar sign to distinguish them.

The reader and user of this description does not need to know anything about Markdown. Therefore it is correct to remove the dollar signs.
It must be clear to the reader which command is to be executed and what the output of this command is – _without to know any other languages or syntax._

> Using 2048 bits to generate key of type RSA

Reviewer: Where is this specified or does it happen automatically?

_Unfortunately, as a user, I don't know what I'm actually supposed to do in the section?_

Author: Output of the command 🙂

#### Event Listeners

The `event_listeners` key must contain an array of arrays.
Each array element must contain at least 2 elements and may include a 3rd element.
These roughly correspond to the arguments passed to [`League\Event\ListenerAcceptorInterface::addListener()`](https://github.com/thephpleague/event/blob/d2cc124cf9a3fab2bb4ff963307f60361ce4d119/src/ListenerAcceptorInterface.php#L43).
The first element must be a string -- either the [wildcard (`*`)](https://event.thephpleague.com/2.0/listeners/wildcard/)
or a [single event name](https://event.thephpleague.com/2.0/events/named/).
The second element must be either a callable, a concrete instance of
`League\Event\ListenerInterface`, or a string pointing to your listener service
instance in the container. The third element is optional, and must be an integer
if provided.

See the [documentation for callable listeners](https://event.thephpleague.com/2.0/listeners/callables/).

#### Event Listener Providers

The `event_listener_providers` key must contain an array.
Each array element must contain either a concrete instance of
`League\Event\ListenerProviderInterface` or a string pointing to your container

> service instance of a listener provider.

Reviewer: The text wrap is not needed, please undo all changes like this.
(We use a different rule: one sentence per-line, but this should not be needed to fix the build issues.)

Author: We need to configure markdownlint then, because that's not what the build is using.

Reviewer: Then the build is wrong here because in other repositories we do not have this problem. There is a central configuration for this somewhere.

Author: Can you please help us detect the issue, then?

Reviewer: Sure, I have to find the configuration...

Reviewer: @lcobucci 
Here you can find [the used configuration for markdownlint](https://github.com/laminas/laminas-continuous-integration-action/blob/a00c01610be3de5002a9c07fa1b0f3c12ce6a571/etc/markdownlint.json) and [the rule for the line length](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/main/doc/Rules.md#md013) is disabled.
